[Feature] Add RIFormer Backbone (pretrain) (#1453)
open-mmlab/mmclassification: configs/riformer/README.md

>>> results = inference_model(model, 'demo/demo.JPEG')
>>> print( (results['pred_class'], results['pred_score']) )
('sea snake' 0.7827475666999817)
>>>
>>> # switch to deploy mode
>>> model.backbone.switch_to_deploy()
>>> results = inference_model(model, 'demo/demo.JPEG')
>>> print( (results['pred_class'], results['pred_score']) )
('sea snake', 0.7827480435371399)
```

**Use the model**

```python
>>> import torch
>>>
>>> model = init_model('configs/riformer/riformer-s12_8xb128_in1k.py', '/home/PJLAB/wangjiahao/project/RepIndentityFormer/mmcls_pretrained/224/repidentityformer-s12.pth.tar')
>>> model.eval()
>>> inputs = torch.rand(1, 3, 224, 224).to(model.data_preprocessor.device)
>>> # To get classification scores.
>>> out = model(inputs)
>>> print(out.shape)
torch.Size([1, 1000])
>>> # To extract features.
>>> outs = model.extract_feat(inputs)
>>> print(outs[0].shape)
torch.Size([1, 512])
>>>
>>> # switch to deploy mode
>>> model.backbone.switch_to_deploy()
>>> out_deploy = model(inputs)
>>> print(out.shape)
torch.Size([1, 1000])
>>> assert torch.allclose(out, out_deploy, rtol=1e-4, atol=1e-5) # pass without error
```

**Test Command**

> Place the ImageNet dataset to the `data/imagenet/` directory, or prepare datasets according to the [docs](https://mmclassification.readthedocs.io/en/1.x/user_guides/dataset_prepare.html#prepare-dataset).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place the ImageNet dataset to the `data/imagenet/` directory, or prepare datasets according to the [docs](https://mmpretrain.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guides/dataset_prepare.html#prepare-dataset).
```
